Greetings!

This is a simple program to view complex mappings of the (Gaussian)
plane.  It is intended to give users a chance to quickly view how a
complex function transforms a grid (cartesian or polar), and also give
them an opportunity to see how it may transform some "custom shapes."

This program uses (i.e. depends upon) the gtkmm libraries, so those
may be necessary for compliation.

As of right now this program is in development.  See the section at
the bottom called "Known Bugs/ The Future" for more information.

~~~~

HOW TO USE THIS PROGRAM

Upon running the program, you will see labels and corresponding entry
boxes at the top.  Here is there explanation:

forumula:
	expression-string
	Enter here a formula representing the complex function you
	wish to map (the complex variable is 'z').  It is pretty
	"standard" expression notation, and supports whatever
	functions cmath supports for complex<double>.  The parser for
	this was built fast and in a hurry, and was part of a
	"learning experience," please see "Known Bugs/ The Future."

res:
	non-negative integer
	"Resolution."  Each line will be broken up into $res many
	smaller lines and then drawn upon transformation.  So, if your
	curves are jagged, increase the "res."  If it is taking an
	exorbitant amount of time to create the image, reduce the
	"res."

grid:
	double
	This represents the minimum and maximum value of the grid
	which will be mapped.  Change the $formula to "z" to just look
	at a boring grid.

step:
	double
	The distance between gridlines.  I.e, if $grid = 10 and $step
	= 1, then there will be horizontal and vertical gridlines
	ranging from values -10 to 10, spaced 1 unit apart.

~~~~

After the entry boxes, there are three buttons, here is what they do:

map:
	Simply calculates the transformed grid/ custom lines and
	displays them.

clear:
	Erases and user-drawn lines which have been previously drawn.

animate:
	Shows a simple homotopy between the grid/ user draw lines, and
	their respective mappings (the homotopy is of type t*() +
	(1-t)*()).  Note, all of the necessary images are
	precalculated, so if you have a particularly dense $grid or
	busy image, gnarly complex $formula, or high $res then it may
	be a moment before anything starts happening (or a weak-ass
	machine).

~~~~

HOW TO DRAW

straight-line:
	Right click the beginning, then the end.

polygonal-arc:
	Press the "left-control button" to enter what could be called
	"smooth-drawing mode."  From this moment on, until you press
	"left-control" again a polygonal-arc will be drawn that
	follows your mouse.

~~~~

Known Bugs / The Future

Formula Parser:
	This may not be a perfect parser.  It seems to be working for
	reasonable formulas, and hopefully works for whatever you have
	in mind.  Note that as of right now it just kills the program
	(with an assert) if there is an error in the formula.  This is
	a "critical" issue that will be fixed as soon as I've achieved
	whatever functionality I want.

Sliders:
	The parser was built with "sliders" in mind (paramters
	adjustable on the fly), it's just a matter of me figuring out
	how to implement them in gtkmm and doing it.  This isn't
	really considered critical.

Drawing: 
	It's pretty hard to draw something while a $formula is present
	in the entry box.  Right now what I do is just change the
	formula to "z," draw what I want, then let 'er rip on
	something interesting.  This is less than optimal, so a
	solution will be devised eventually.  It would probably also
	be nice to see what was originally drawn, perhaps optionally,
	but this level of functionality will depend on what people who
	end up using it want.

Animation:
	It would probably be nice to have a slider for "time," as to
	see what is happening when.  Meh.  More cooler would be
	screen-shots or transforming something into a video (or at
	least dumping the frames from an animation to use with
	ffmpeg, since doing it in the program would just be an
	automation of this).


If you have any questions, comments, concerns, bitches, gripes,
complaints, please write to: nathan.s.chappell@gmail.com and put
"Complex-Drawer" in the subject line.

Peace
